[gasp]
[snicker]
Your legs or your head?
Which am I taking first?
(NARRATOR) Indonesia is home to
a species of carniverous cricket
belonging to the family
stenopelmatidae.
Endowed with powerful legs and
an aggresive instinct, this
fearless hunter is none other
than the Sia Ferox.
[attack yell]
[gasps]
Joji!
(ADOLF) Why...
do these thoughts plague me.
09 TOO SAD TO DIE
(ADOLF) Why now?
Joji... Joji...Joji...
Shut up.
It's over.
It's supposed to be over.
But the pain never fades.
The sadness...
The nightmares...
The suffering lingers.
Love hurts....
but it's so much more than that.
You gave me purpose...
Yes...
I... I just...
I wanted to be like you.
I wanted... to be human again.
So why?
Why did you betray me?
How could you do something so
animalistic?
[baby crying]
Oh my...
What's wrong?
What are you waiting for?
More...
Bring me more.
I'll kill you all.
[chirping and hissing]
[gasps]
A... flag?
Jojoji... Jojoji...Jojoji...
Oh god!
(EVA) Adolf!
Ma'am?
(WOLF) Your shift is up.
Right. Thank you Wolf.
Akari... you're off too.
Oh.
Actually, I'd like to stand
guard a little longer...
The procedure may have
strengthened your body but
you're not impervious to
fatigue.
Going any longer without sleep
won't do anything but put this
crew in greater danger.
Part of your duty is to get some
shut eye so shut up and let
Alex take your post.
Okay.
Hey, Alex!
You're up.
(ALEX) Oh, yeah. sure thing.
I understand how he feels.
His frustration.
but there's a sinster scilence
about the night...
Something terrible is happening.
Joji!
(ADOLF) They've exploited me...
my entire life.
Eva...
Isabella...
I'm sorry.
I've let you down...
I'm finished.
Death...
beckons.
[battle cries]
(AVA) Sir!
[screaming and struggling]
Joji!
Huh?
It worked!
[chuckling]
Ava! Grab him and get the hell
out of here!
Right!
Hurry!
We'll hold them here--
[chocking]
[gasp]
At all costs...
(ENRIQUE) Sir...
You've always risked your life
to protect ours.
Now we're gonna do the same for
you.
(ADOLF) Stop...
(JOHANN) On Earth...
we've lived as worthless
garbage.
Wasted space, a bunch of
nobodies!
(ADOLF) Don't do this!
All of you...
Run!
I'm...
I'm already...
[nervous breathing]
[flinching]
[gasp]
[struggling to breathe]
Now here... we
stand beside you.
Maybe no we can...prove... we're
more than just trash.
Jojijijo...
[barking order]
[Terraformar screaming]
[gasp]
No!
[screaming]
[screams and whimpering]
Help!
[screaming]
Eva!
[gasp]
(SANDRA) Get out of here!
Take him and go!
It's all that matter now, Eva!
Please, save my son!
[gasp]
Sir!?
Please, no! Adolf, you're
so cold!
I can't feel your heartbeat!
Adolf!
[crying and hyperventilating]
(ROSA) You must really like
animals...
Or is it just fish?
(ADOLF) Huh?
(ROSA) I don't know anyone who
knows stuff like that.
Especially how electric eels get
their electricity.
(ADOLF) Well...
I didn't always.
I guess, well, because of the
experiments... I...
Well... it's a part of me now.
We should all know ourselves.
But in time...
I learned to love them.
Huh?
(NARRATOR) The AED, or Automated
External Defibrillator,
is a medical device used to stop
cardiac arrythmia with electric
shock.
If the human heart has stopped,
but the spirit remains...
(ADOLF) Why?
(NARRATOR) it will fight harder
than ever to ensure its
survival.
THIS RAGE.
[shocked exhale]
[screaming]
(ADOLF) This rage...
[gasp]
you can feel it too...
can't you?
Eva...
Uaku...
Enrique...
Sandra...
Fritz...
Antonio...
Rachel...
Mirapix...
Johann...
Hold on.
I'm going to save us.
[gasp]
(JOHANN) That much serum...
it's too much!
(ADOLF) The Lord said to Moses,
Stretch your hand towards the
sky...
Sir, no!
No!
(ADOLF) ...so that hail, may
fall on the whole land of
Egypt-
on man
and beast
and on every growing thing
throughout the land."
Moses obeyed and stretched his
staff towards the sky...
The Lord, sent thunder and
hail,
with fire flashing to the
ground.
The Lord punished the land of
Egypt.
THIS IS HIS RAGE AND SADNESS.
Hail and firey flashes
ravished all it touched.
THIS IS... ADOLF REINHARDT.
THIS IS... RANK 2.
Move away,
foul beast!
Joji...
The fury of the Lord brought
upon Egypt, the worst storm in
all the land...
from the time that Egypt became
a nation.
Such was the untamable wrath of
the Lord.
The thunder and hail continued
for many days and for many
nights...
pouring down upon every village,
mountain, and field.
Jojo...
The storm raised any that dared
to stand in opposition;
both man and beast alike.
Every tree was scorched and
stripped.
It eviscerated all and it
spared none.
[gasp]
Such is the power of the Lord!
to be continued
10 DESIRE